[DOC] New procedures for upgrading resources (#1632)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/assembly-upgrade-resources.adoc

// This assembly is included in the following assemblies:
//
// master.adoc

[id='assembly-upgrade-resources-{context}']
= {ProductName} resource upgrades

> For this release of {ProductName}, resources that use the API version `{KafkaApiVersionPrev}` must be updated to use `{KafkaApiVersion}`.

Reviewer: I don't think there's any value is using an attribute for the API version: These instructions are specific to the v1alpha1 to v1beta1 change.

Author: Will leave as is for now.

> The `{KafkaApiVersionPrev}` API version has been deprecated for this release.

Reviewer 2: Should it be `from` instead of `for`? And since this will span multiple releases, should we actually name the release here?

```suggestion
The `{KafkaApiVersionPrev}` API version has been deprecated from release 0.12. It will be removed in the future.
```

> IMPORTANT: The upgrade of resources _must_ be performed before xref:assembly-upgrade-{context}[], so the Cluster Operator can understand the CRDs.

Reviewer: This is not true. The Strimzi 0.12.0 CO will understand the v1alpha1 resources just fine, and upgrading the resources must happen after the upgrade of the CO, because the 0.11.x CO won't understand the v1beta1 resources.
